# My-Projects
The first Python Project listed on my profile titled "maps" creates a visualization of restaurant scores using machine learning and the Yelp academic dataset. In this visualization, UC Berkeley is segmented into regions, where each region is shaded by the predicted score of the closest restaurant (yellow is 5 stars, blue is 1 star). Specifically, the visualization being constructed is a Voronoi diagram. In the map included in the dataset, each dot represents a restaurant. The color of the dot is determined by the restaurant's location. For example, downtown restaurants are colored green. 

The second project "World Progress" (in pdf form and in raw python in order to be able to separately see the visualizations as well as the raw code) explores data from Gapminder.org, a website dedicated to providing a fact-based view of the world and how it has changed. That site includes several data visualizations and presentations, but also publishes the raw data that will be used in this project to recreate and extend some of their most famous visualizations.The Gapminder website collects data from many sources and compiles them into tables that describe many countries around the world. All of the data they aggregate are published in the Systema Globalis. Their goal is "to compile all public statistics; Social, Economic and Environmental; into a comparable total dataset." All data sets in this project are copied directly from the Systema Globalis without any changes.This project is dedicated to Hans Rosling (1948-2017), who championed the use of data to understand and prioritize global development challenges.
